README.md, before:

i3status - glittershark's fork
==============================

i3status is a small program for generating a status bar for i3bar, dzen2,
xmobar, or similar programs. It is designed to be very efficient by issuing a
very small number of system calls, as one generally wants to update such a
status line every second. This ensures that even under high load, your status
bar is updated correctly. Also, it saves a bit of energy by not hogging your
CPU as much as spawning the corresponding amount of shell commands would.

This is my fork of i3status. Currently it just adds configurable display of the
currently playing track in mpd, and notifications for track changes with
libnotify

## Installation

Currently there is no official package for this fork of i3status, so you'll have
to compile it yourself. Fortunately that's pretty easy - just clone the
repository and enter the following:

```
make && sudo make install
```

## Dependencies

i3status has the following dependencies:
- libconfuse-dev
- libyajl-dev
- libasound2-dev
- libiw-dev
- libnotify
- libmpdclient
- libcap2-bin (for getting network status without root permissions)
- asciidoc (only for the documentation)

Commit message:

README updates for battery status notifications

README.md, after:

i3status - glittershark's fork
==============================

i3status is a small program for generating a status bar for i3bar, dzen2,
xmobar, or similar programs. It is designed to be very efficient by issuing a
very small number of system calls, as one generally wants to update such a
status line every second. This ensures that even under high load, your status
bar is updated correctly. Also, it saves a bit of energy by not hogging your
CPU as much as spawning the corresponding amount of shell commands would.

### This fork adds:

- Configurable display of the currently playing MPD track
- Notifications of MPD track changes using libnotify
- Notifications of battery state change and critical level with libnotify

## Installation

Currently there is no official package for this fork of i3status, so you'll have
to compile it yourself. Fortunately that's pretty easy - just clone the
repository and run the following:

```
make && sudo make install
```

## Dependencies

i3status has the following dependencies:
- libconfuse-dev
- libyajl-dev
- libasound2-dev
- libiw-dev
- libnotify
- libmpdclient
- libcap2-bin (for getting network status without root permissions)
- asciidoc (only for the documentation)
